---
date: 2025-09-24
title: Maintenance Notice – 9/25, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
---

Posted on [September 24, 2025September 24, 2025](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2025/09/24/maintenance-notice-9-25-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 9/25, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 9/25, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 8 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**Private Quarters Update**  
_New Character_  
Taihou  
※Interact with Taihou in her Bedroom;  
※Unlock Taihou’s Café Invitation and invite Taihou to the Common Area to unlock her new Interaction, Minigame, and 3D outfit.

_New Items_  
_Available permanently_  
Taihou’s exclusive furniture – Love Nest  
Taihou’s exclusive gift – Love Enshackled

_PrivateChat Update_  
Taihou  
※You can check Taihou’s info, calls, and posts through “Private Quarters” – “PrivateChat”.

**New Events**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/25 – 10/22, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Sports Time & Race Queen Series Rerun Campaign (During the campaign, you will earn 1 Coupon for each “Sports Time” or “Race Queen” series skin or skin pack you purchase at regular price. Log in to the game to obtain rewards. Please refer to the list at the end for details.)

_Available for a limited-time between 10/1 – 11/30, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Cruise Missions (During the campaign season, accumulate progress points to earn rewards.)  
※Cruise Missions Rewards will consist of Regular Rewards and Fair Winds Rewards. Regular Rewards will be available to all while the Fair Winds Rewards will require the purchase of Fair Winds Cruise Pass.  
※During the campaign season, complete missions and accumulate progress points to get Regular Rewards including the limited character Dewey META and Specialized Bulin Custom MKIII.  
※Purchasing the Fair Winds Cruise Pass for $9.99 will grant 1,500 progress points immediately. Additionally, accumulate progress points to get Fair Winds Rewards including Kawakaze’s limited outfit “Guardian Fox, Forever Loyal” and new gear skins and Battle UI.  
※The campaign missions, progress points, Fair Winds Cruise Pass and rewards will only be available during the campaign season.

**New Oath Skins**  
_Available permanently_  
Amagi(CV) – Moonlit Blossom on Placid Seas  
Ulrich von Hutten – Liebestrank  
Black Prince – Love’s Greeting

**New Items in Shop**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/25 – 10/22, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Sports & Race Return Lucky Box (2 purchase limited)

_Available for a limited-time between 9/25 – 10/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Promise Crate (1 purchase limited)

**Monthly Update**  
_October’s login furniture_  
The Two Heads

_October’s Extreme Challenge_  
Libra (The next boss, “Enterprise”, will automatically rotate when the month changes to October. Assemble the best fleet you can and clear challenge stages to earn limited portrait and chat frames of Libra.)

**Cruise Pass Revisitor Shop Update**  
_Available permanently after 10/1, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)_  
Character: Sheffield META  
Character skin: Yuugure – Fun in the Sun  
Gear skins: Hailstorm Shell, Ball Lightning Shell, Fire Whirl Torpedo, After the Rain

**CV Update**  
_Character_  
Dewey META – Miyuri Shimabukuro

_Skins_  
Amagi(CV) – Moonlit Blossom on Placid Seas – Miyuki Sawashiro  
Ulrich von Hutten – Liebestrank – Hibiku Yamamura  
Black Prince – Love’s Greeting – Hisako Kanemoto  
Kawakaze – Guardian Fox, Forever Loyal – Yuka Iguchi

**System Optimization**  
Fixed some UI, texts, and images.

**Event Reminders**  
_The following events will be unavailable after 9/24, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Voltage Rising Rerun

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2500×coins  
3000×oils

**Target**  
Accounts created before 9/25/2025, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

**Sports Time & Race Queen Series Rerun Outfits**  
Prinz Eugen - Final Lap (L2D)  
Enterprise - Wind Catcher (L2D)  
Marseillaise - Fighting Angel's Regimen (Dynamic)  
Painlevé - Team Stretching (Dynamic)  
Yoizuki - Sports Festival Preparations  
Minneapolis - eXtreme Games  
Bremerton - Scorching-Hot Training  
Intrepid - One Intrepid Pitch  
Baltimore - Black Ace  
Reno - Biggest Little Cheerleader  
Bluegill - Up-And-Coming Infielder  
Marblehead - Boxing Girl!  
Cygnet - Royal Fanfare  
Bache - Showy Sports Star  
Taihou - Enraptured Companion  
Takao - Full Throttle Charmer  
Atago - Stunning Speedster  
Duke of York - Prestige of the Glorious Formula  
Prince of Wales - The Laureate's Victory Lap  
Shoukaku - Sororal Wings  
Zuikaku - The Wind's True Name  
Brünhilde - Grain-Seizing Grani  
Blücher - High-Altitude Head Over Heels  
Z16 - Guaranteed Grand Slam!  
U-96 - How Heavy Are Those Barbells?  
Z24 - The Devil on the Court  
Hornet - Cheering Justice!  
Kirov - High Jump Star  
Lyon - Paired Exercise  
Suffren - Impulsive Incident  
West Virginia - Scenic Rhapsody  
Casablanca - Cheer Squad on Break  
Le Téméraire - Cheering Star  
Hammann - Blushing Fellow  
Unicorn - Champion of Unicorn

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2025/09/24/maintenance-notice-9-25-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
