────────────────────────────────────────
DATE: 2025-10-09
TITLE: Maintenance Notice – 10/9, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
────────────────────────────────────────

Posted on [October 8, 2025October 9, 2025](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2025/10/08/maintenance-notice-10-9-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Yostar](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/yostar/)

# Maintenance Notice – 10/9, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 10/9, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 6 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Events**  
_Available for a limited-time between 10/9 – 10/22, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Collab Event – An Encounter Beneath Clear Skies (Participate to earn great rewards, including limited characters, furniture, gear skins, and augments.)  
※Eternal Sacred Flame: Clear Main Campaign stages after Chapter 3 or event stages (EX not included) to earn Trust. If Hestia is afloat in a fleet that defeats the Boss of a stage that grants Trust, you will gain twice as much Trust. Accumulate enough Trust and complete all milestone missions to have Hestia permanently join your fleet.  
※Unstoppable Gale: A new event mission will unlock every day until 10/15. Complete them all to obtain Ryu Lion.  
※A Journey of Encounters: During the event, complete the event story to get great rewards, including the commemorative furniture, “Bonfire of Victory”.

_Available for a limited-time between 10/10 – 10/15, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
3x Core Data Campaign (During this campaign, clear Hard Mode maps daily to earn triple the Core Data.)

**New Characters**  
_Available as a reward for participating in the collab event for a limited-time between 10/9 – 10/22, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Hestia  
Ryu Lion

**New Skins**  
_Available for a limited-time between 10/9 – 10/22, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Hestia – Godly Vacation! (Dynamic)  
Ryu Lion – Night at the Pub (Dynamic)

**New Furniture**  
_Available for a limited-time between 10/9 – 10/22, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Labyrinth City

**Augment Update**  
Hestia – Hestia’s String  
Ryu Lion – Alf’s Justitia  
※These collab augment modules above can be obtained by participating in the limited collab event.  
Alabama – Anchor of Fortune  
Myoukou – Protector of Order

**Private Quarters Update**  
New item  
_Available permanently_  
New Jersey’s furniture – Sanctuary Beyond Heavens

**JUUSTAGRAM**  
_Available for a limited-time between 10/9 – 10/22, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
New content added

**CV Update**  
_Characters_  
Hestia – Inori Minase  
Ryu Lion – Saori Hayami

_Skins_  
Hestia – Godly Vacation! (Dynamic) – Inori Minase  
Ryu Lion – Night at the Pub (Dynamic) – Saori Hayami

_EX_  
Hestia EX – Inori Minase  
Ryu Lion EX – Saori Hayami

**System Optimization**  
Comics were updated;  
Fixed an issue where interactive actions in Island Planner failed to display properly under certain circumstances;  
Fixed an issue where claimable achievements in Island Planner were not properly visible under specific conditions;  
Fixed abnormal prompts when performing specific actions in Island Planner;  
Adjusted the selling price of Floral and Fruity in Island Planner;  
Fixed an issue where Iced Coffee could not be unlocked normally in Island Planner;  
Removed the Corn Cup Recipe from Island Tech. The resources have been refunded via In-Game Mail to Commanders who had already unlocked the Recipe before the maintenance.  
Fixed an issue where the progress of certain development areas in Island Planner was abnormal under specific conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the quantity of remaining materials displayed incorrectly after upgrading character skills in Island Planner;  
Fixed an issue where Fushun’s Great Adventure III could not be played properly;  
Fixed some images, texts, and bugs.

**Event Reminder**  
The following events will be unavailable after 10/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
A Dance for Amahara Above PT redemption

**Character Reminders**  
The following characters will be unavailable after 10/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
I-404  
Asama  
Taekaze

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2000×coins  
2500×oils

**Target**  
Accounts created before 10/9/2025, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2025/10/08/maintenance-notice-10-9-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
