---
date: 2026-03-18
title: Maintenance Notice – 3/19, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
---

Posted on [March 18, 2026](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2026/03/18/maintenance-notice-3-19-12-a-m-utc-7-2/) by [Yostar](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/yostar/)

# Maintenance Notice – 3/19, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 3/19, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 8 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**Project Identity Update**  
Project Identity 3.0: Explorer added (Unlocked after reaching Commander level 30)  
\[Bonus Effects\]  
※You can influence Explorer’s personality, stats, ending, and more by choosing different bonus effects, planning their itinerary, visiting other characters, and triggering random events. During Explorer’s growth journey, she will also obtain various bonus effects such as Tarot Cards, Readings, and Abilities. Making good use of these bonuses will make it easier to achieve your development goals.  
※When random events occur, selecting certain options will also unlock mini-games.

\[Fate Tarot\]  
※A new Tarot Card system has been added to Project Identity. Obtain cards and meet certain conditions to influence the development of Explorer’s personality in various ways.

\[Endings\]  
※After 20 turns of growth, depending on Explorer’s stats, personality, and abilities, different endings can be unlocked. After unlocking an ending, you can choose to enter “Endless Mode” or “Hard Mode”.  
※【Endless Mode】Endless Mode allows you to keep living in the virtual town even after reaching the ending. However, Assessments will also appear at a higher frequency while playing this mode. If you’re unable to meet the Assessment’s requirements, your Endless Mode run ends.  
※【Hard Mode】You can select to play on Hard Mode after reaching any ending. More Tarot Cards and Readings appear on Hard Mode, letting you take Lora to new heights.

\[Island Invitation\]  
※Finish the character’s growth process 1 time and complete the Island Planner main mission Off Into the Distance to unlock the mission Importing Data. Finish that mission to get TB, Oceana or Explorer as a character in Island Planner.

\[Special Secretary\]  
※After you complete the introduction story chapter, the special secretary function will be unlocked and you can choose Explorer as your special secretary on the main page.  
※By collecting more Moments and Endings, you can unlock more Modules that change her appearance.

**Island Planner Update**  
_New characters_  
TB  
Oceana  
Explorer

_New outfits_  
TB – Time of Innocence  
TB – Inexperienced Observer  
Oceana – Cheerful Route to School  
Oceana – Honor Student’s Demeanor  
Explorer – Pure White Whisper  
Explorer – Serene Dress

**New Event**  
_Available for a limited-time between 3/19 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Party Dress Series Rerun Campaign (During the campaign, you will earn 1 Coupon for each “Party Dress” series skin or skin pack you purchase at regular price. Log in to the game to obtain rewards. Please refer to the list at the end for details.)

**Rerun Event**  
_Available for a limited-time between 3/19 – 4/1, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Today’s Conducting Practice Rerun (Clear Main Campaign stages after Chapter 3 to earn Trust. If Little Friedrich is afloat in a fleet that defeats the Boss of a stage that grants Trust, you will gain twice as much Trust. Accumulate enough Trust to complete milestone missions. Milestone missions will unlock over 7 days. Complete them all to have Little Friedrich permanently join your fleet.)

**Construction Pools Update**  
_Available permanently in Light Construction Pool_  
Attilio Regolo

_Available permanently in Heavy Construction Pool_  
Gorizia  
Andrea Doria

**New Skins**  
_Available for a limited-time between 3/19 – 4/1, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
TB – Data Set: My Countless Selves (Dynamic)  
Explorer – Closeness on a Holiday (Dynamic)

**Rerun Skins**  
_Available for a limited-time between 3/19 – 4/1, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Oceana – Imp of the Bathtub (Dynamic)

_Available permanently_  
Gorizia – Unrequited Office Love? (L2D)  
London – The Sterling Secretary (Dynamic)  
Essex – Crossbones Especial (Dynamic)  
Attilio Regolo – Castle of Inspiration  
Andrea Doria – Have a Safe Flight  
Hood – Gentlewoman and Stallion  
Littorio – Sitting in the Rain

**New Items in Shop**  
_Available for a limited-time between 3/19 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Party Dress Return Lucky Box (2 purchases limited)

**System Optimization**  
Clearing mode has been added to Chapter 16;  
In Project Identity 1.0, ending CGs and profile stickers can now be unlocked directly through purchase after meeting certain conditions;  
Optimized the overall flow length of Project Identity 1.0 and reduced the number of unskippable animations;  
Increased the amount of character stats gained from lessons in Project Identity 1.0;  
Optimized and fixed some UI, text and bugs.

**Event Reminders**  
_The following events will be unavailable after 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Shipbuilding Support Plan: Northern Parliament  
Emergency Module Development  
Snowrealm Peregrination Rerun  
Endless Drama in the Sleepless City Rerun  
Call to Arms: Antarctica Rerun  
Mist Upon Silver Summits Rerun  
Rental Outfits (Sovetsky Soyuz – Skyfall Agent (L2D), Allen M. Sumner – Two Faces of Justice (Dynamic), Ognevoy – Blue Nova)  
Springtide Inn Online PT redemption

**Character Reminders**  
_The following characters will be unavailable after 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Sovetsky Soyuz  
Ognevoy  
Poltava  
Gangut META  
Bogatyr

**Skin Reminders**  
_The following skins will be unavailable after 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Sovetsky Soyuz – Skyfall Agent (L2D)  
Allen M. Sumner – Two Faces of Justice (Dynamic)  
Ognevoy – Blue Nova  
Poltava – Meeting the Mafia Queen  
Svirepy – Rebellious Artist  
Abercrombie – Hot on Your Trail  
Monarch – Detective Arriving on the Scene

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2500×Coins  
3000×Oil

**Target**  
Accounts created before 3/19/2026, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

**Party Dress Series Rerun Outfits**
Amagi - Throne of Fallen Petals (L2D)
Watarase - Garments of Everlasting Magic (L2D)
Cheshire - The Cat and the White Steed (L2D)
Laffey - Lazy Days (Dynamic)
San Juan - The Longing Princess
Biloxi - Empress in the Silk Seat
Wichita - The General's Banquet
Massachusetts - Dressed to Impress
Enterprise - Heroic Finery
Independence - The Independent Line
Albacore - Beneath the Black Dress
Dido - Anxious Bisque Doll
Sheffield - Black Crow's Finery
Belfast - The Noble Attendant
Ikazuchi - Dawn's Thunder
Inazuma - Dusk's Lightning
Agano - Blue Butterfly's Confession
Noshiro - Xanadu's Eventide
Akagi - Ruby-Laced Beauty
Kaga - Exalted White Wings
Shinano - Dreams of the Hazy Moon
Prinz Eugen - Cordial Cornflower
Tirpitz - Iron Blood Snowstorm
Littorio - Calabria Aurea
Jean Bart - Uninhibited Bloodstone
Seattle - Gorgeous Party
South Dakota - Solo Concert
Aurora - Dawn's Paean
Duke of York - Eternal Night's Carola
Georgia - South Town Pearl

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2026/03/18/maintenance-notice-3-19-12-a-m-utc-7-2/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
