────────────────────────────────────────
DATE: 2026-01-07
TITLE: Maintenance Notice – 1/8, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
────────────────────────────────────────

Posted on [January 7, 2026](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2026/01/07/maintenance-notice-1-8-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 1/8, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 1/8, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 6 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Chapter**  
Chapter 16 (Normal Mode for Chapter 16 will be permanently available after the next maintenance. Fujinami will be obtainable in Chapter 16. In this chapter, the highest level of enemy ships is approximately 132, and “Clearing Mode” has not been opened yet. Character level caps will not be raised.)  
New gameplay added  
\[Support Fleets\]  
※Support Fleets can be configured in the Formation interface. They do not participate in battle and do not contribute towards Air Superiority or Recon values.Your SS, SSV, and IXS ships can be added to a Submarine Support Fleet. During battle, they provide torpedo support for allies.  
※In Chapter 16, the Submarine Support Fleet will launch a submarine attack against the enemy fleet before the surface fleet engages in combat. The result of this action will affect the Concealment values of both allied and enemy fleets.  
※Note: 10 Oil is consumed each time the Submarine Support Fleet is deployed. Doing so will not affect Morale, and does not grant EXP or Affinity.  
\[Fog of War\]  
※While under the effects of Fog of War, the size and type of enemy fleets will be hidden. The initial visibility level of a surface fleet is determined by its AVI stat. Its visibility range determines the area in which Fog of War can be temporarily dispelled.  
※Enemies will receive buffs based upon the number of tiles obscured by fog of war. Increasing the visibility range of your fleets to weaken this effect. Each time an allied surface fleet defeats an enemy fleet, its visibility level will increase by 1. When the combined visibility level of all surface fleets reaches a certain amount, the enemy boss fleet will be revealed.  
\[Land Bases\]  
※There are three types of enemy land bases. Enemies will be able to provide varying degrees of air support based on the number of land bases present on the map. Neutralizing enemy land bases through strategic use of airstrikes will reduce their air support strength.  
※Airstrike：After forming and deploying an Air Support Fleet, you will be able to launch an airstrike (up to 2 times) on a selected tile via the Strategy menu.This airstrike deals percent HP damage to enemies and destroys enemy land bases within the attack range as well as the visibility range, but does not work against enemy boss fleets.

**New Character**  
*Available permanently as a Chapter 16 map drop  
*Fujinami

**Augment Update  
**Magdeburg – Claw and Ribbon  
Renown – Sworn Knight’s Sword

**New Memory  
**Vittorio Veneto – The Guide to Sardegnian Glory

**FleetChat Update  
**Vittorio Veneto

**CV Update**  
_Character_  
Fujinami – Megu Umezawa

_EX_  
Fujinami EX – Megu Umezawa

**System Optimization**  
Fixed an issue where the airdrop button could not be used during the Wichita META battle under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the Live2D interaction resources for Oumis outfit “A Failed Escape?” and Illustrious’s outfit “Our Private ‘Study’ Session” displayed abnormally under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the battle UI theme “Shadow Pictures” did not properly display enemy HP in stages under certain conditions;  
Optimized and corrected various images, text, and other resources.

**Event Reminders**  
_The following events will be unavailable after 1/7, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
A Note Through the Firmament  
Hammann’s Scrumptious Spells  
Commemorative Album  
Port Fashion Collection: Heart-Throbbing Moment I  
Port Fashion Collection: Heart-Throbbing Moment II  
Winter Wishing Well Cards  
Rental Outfits (Yorktown II – An Evening’s Companionship (Dual-Form), Lexington II – The Fluffiest of Maids (L2D), Cowpens – Milky Ministrations (L2D), Gouden Leeuw – An Intimate Cleaning (L2D+), Mecklenburg – Branding Witchcraft (L2D+), Prinz Eugen – Between Tipsiness and a Wager (L2D+).)  
To a Brighter World  
Memories in Echo

**Character Reminders**  
_The following characters will be unavailable after 1/7, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Lexington II  
Cowpens  
Pasadena

**Skin Reminders**  
_The following skins will be unavailable after 1/7, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Yorktown II – An Evening’s Companionship (Dual-Form)  
Lexington II – The Fluffiest of Maids (L2D)  
Cowpens – Milky Ministrations (L2D)  
William D. Porter – The Daredevil’s Maidly Service (Dynamic)  
Pasadena – Surprising Game (Dynamic)  
Clarence K. Bronson – Special Functional Testing  
Birmingham – Briar Maid  
Fritz Rumey – Schwarzes Kaninchen (L2D)  
Bismarck – Unpacked Surprise (L2D)  
Ägir – One-on-One Leisure Time (L2D)  
Z52 – The Rapid Rabbit (Dynamic)  
Duisburg – Endurance Training (Gone Wrong) (Dynamic)  
Formidable – Rockin’ Encore (Dynamic)  
Z9 – Teary Cocktail  
Z11 – Service, Sincerity, and Insolvency  
Janus – A Lesson in Billiards  
Gouden Leeuw – An Intimate Cleaning (L2D+)  
Mecklenburg – Branding Witchcraft (L2D+)  
Prinz Eugen – Between Tipsiness and a Wager (L2D+)  
Guichen – Milk and Kisses (Dynamic)  
Kansas – Late-Night Leisure (Dynamic)  
Otto von Alvensleben – The Clumsy Maid is in a Bind! (Dynamic)  
Bismarck Zwei – Bathed in Brightness and Spirit (Dynamic)  
Vittorio Cuniberti – On the Habits of Cats  
Dmitri Donskoi – Bedside Bunny  
Kuybyshev – Rainy Day Blues  
Shinano – Visions of Fantasy (L2D)  
Napoli – Dreamy Night (L2D)  
Admiral Nakhimov – First Time in the Limelight (L2D)  
Halford – A Special Day with the Bunny Lord (Dynamic)  
Daisen – Bunny Priestess in Prayer (Dynamic)  
Bayard – The Most Treacherous Trial  
Regensburg – The Dark Dragon’s Dungeon  
Chikuma – Premium Prize on the Table

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2000×coins  
2500×oils

**Target**  
Accounts created before 1/8/2026, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2026/01/07/maintenance-notice-1-8-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
