────────────────────────────────────────
DATE: 2026-03-11
TITLE: Maintenance Notice – 3/12, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
────────────────────────────────────────

Posted on [March 11, 2026](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2026/03/11/maintenance-notice-3-12-12-a-m-utc-7-3/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 3/12, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 3/12, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 6 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers  
**All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Event  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Shipbuilding Support Plan: Northern Parliament (Log in to the game to get Build Tickets and event PTs.)

Emergency Module Development (During the event, Emergency Module Development can be challenged once per day to obtain Augment Module Core, Augment Module Stone, and other rewards. In addition, Augment Module Core and Augment Module Stone could be claimed by clearing cumulative missions of Emergency Module Development.)  
※The quick battle option will be unlocked after completing the raid with an S rating.

**Rerun Events  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Snowrealm Peregrination Rerun (During the event, play event stages to collect PT to earn special rewards.)  
※During the event, sortie to event stages to earn PT and exchange them for rewards including the limited character Pamiat’ Merkuria META. A and B Map will reward 5 times PT for first clear each day, while C and D Map will reward triple PT for first clear each day. The EX stage will be unlocked after finishing the SP stage.  
※During the event, accumulate PT to earn rewards including the limited character Svirepy.

Endless Drama in the Sleepless City Rerun (During the event, sortie and defeat a large number of enemies to obtain the limited gear, Ascension Box.)

Call to Arms: Antarctica Rerun (Saratoga, Clemenceau, Tallinn, and Königsberg will gain bonus EXP from sorties. Use these ships to complete event missions, earn enough Training Points to get the “Star of the Snowrealm” portrait frame.)

Mist Upon Silver Summits Rerun (Complete missions to get the limited gear, Cross Brooch.)

Rental Outfits (Log in during the event period to earn 3 rental outfit vouchers, which can be used on the following skins: Sovetsky Soyuz – Skyfall Agent (L2D), Allen M. Sumner – Two Faces of Justice (Dynamic), Ognevoy – Blue Nova.)

**New Character  
\***Obtainable from META Showdown for a limited-time between 3/12 – 6/4, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Regensburg META

**Rerun Characters  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Sovetsky Soyuz (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Ognevoy (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Pamiat’ Merkuria META (Available in event construction pool)  
Poltava (Rate up in event construction pool)  
※Sovetsky Soyuz will have a rate of 1.2% in the upcoming Limited Construction. Additionally, after every 200 event construction attempts, an additional copy of Sovetsky Soyuz can be obtained (limit of 4 times). This process won’t be affected by whether Sovetsky Soyuz appears in the construction attempt or not. Accumulated construction attempts will not carry over to the next limited construction event.

*Exchange available in PT shop for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/25, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
*Pamiat’ Merkuria META

*Available as a reward of accumulated PT for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/25, 11:59 P.M (UTC-7)  
*Svirepy

*Available permanently in Dossier Analysis  
*Nagato META

**Rerun Skins  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Sovetsky Soyuz – Skyfall Agent (L2D)  
Allen M. Sumner – Two Faces of Justice (Dynamic)  
Ognevoy – Blue Nova  
Poltava – Meeting the Mafia Queen  
Svirepy – Rebellious Artist  
Abercrombie – Hot on Your Trail  
Monarch – Detective Arriving on the Scene  
※Obtaining Ognevoy – Blue Nova will unlock 2 additional in-game stamps.

**New Items in Shop  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Limited Build Supplies (1 purchase limited)  
Limited Strategic Supplies (5 purchases limited)  
Decor Tokens Pack (2 purchases limited)  
Cognitive Chip Pack (2 purchases limited)

**Rerun Furniture  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Phantom Thief’s Riddle Room

**Rerun Gearbox  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/12 – 3/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Gear Skin Box (Thieville)

**Augment Update  
**Hermione – The Steps to Becoming a Lady  
Gascogne – Staff of Machinery & Logic  
Hibiki – Undying Demon  
Z19 – Twins of a Rigging  
Stremitelny – Snowball Trio

**New Memory  
**Albion

**Private Quarters Update  
\***Available permanently  
\*Ägir’s exclusive furniture – Quiet Contemplation

**Guild Shop Update  
\***Available permanently  
\*An Shan  
Fu Shun

**FleetChat Update  
**Albion  
Yukikaze  
Sakura Empire Group Chat

**System Optimization  
**Comics were updated;  
Fixed an issue where the skin tone of certain characters in Private Quarters displayed abnormally in some cases;  
Fixed an issue where the Live2D interaction assets for Sovetsky Soyuz’s skin “Skyfall Agent” displayed abnormally in some cases;  
Fixed an issue where the Live2D assets for Implacable’s skin “Her Beauty Runneth Over” displayed abnormally in some cases;  
Fixed an issue where the ACC stat boost effect of Moskva’s skill “Unyielding Valor” functioned abnormally in some cases;  
Fixed an issue where the effect of Bogatyr’s skill “Atomic Core” functioned abnormally in some cases;  
Fixed an issue where the progress of certain story missions displayed incorrectly in some cases;  
Optimized and corrected various image and text assets.

**Event Reminders  
\***The following events will be unavailable after 3/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Springtide Inn Online  
Inn Operation  
Lantern Festival  
Rental Outfits (Hindenburg – Dancer of the Deep Chamber (L2D), Implacable – Her Beauty Runneth Over (L2D), Bogatyr – Emotional Data Maintenance (Dynamic).)

**Character Reminders  
\***The following characters will be unavailable after 3/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Yorktown META  
Moskva  
Ozornoy  
Krasny Kavkaz

**Skin Reminders  
\***The following skins will be unavailable after 3/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Hindenburg – Dancer of the Deep Chamber (L2D)  
Implacable – Her Beauty Runneth Over (L2D)  
Bogatyr – Emotional Data Maintenance (Dynamic)  
Moskva – Awaiting the Next Move (Dynamic)  
Krasny Kavkaz – Playing Blind ♥ (Dynamic)  
Ozornoy – The White-Robed Wind Rider Ascends  
Chitose – Tea Amidst the Lotus  
Chiyoda – Wine Amidst the Leaves  
Mainz – A Blend of Serenity (L2D)  
Jean Bart – Springlight Étoiles (L2D)  
New Jersey – Dancing in the Moonlight (Dynamic)  
Murmansk – Chamber of Fragrance (Dynamic)  
Trieste – A Brush of Springtime Ink  
Shiratsuyu – Thawing Snow, Fireworks Alight  
Jeanne d’Arc – Patron Saintess of Celebration

**Friendly Reminders  
**During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation  
**2000×Coins  
2500×Oil

**Target  
**Accounts created before 3/12/2026, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2026/03/11/maintenance-notice-3-12-12-a-m-utc-7-3/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
