────────────────────────────────────────
DATE: 2026-01-14
TITLE: Maintenance Notice – 1/15, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
────────────────────────────────────────

Posted on [January 14, 2026](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2026/01/14/maintenance-notice-1-15-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Yostar](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/yostar/)

# Maintenance Notice – 1/15, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 1/15, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 6 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Events**  
_Available for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/21, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
A Note Through the Firmament – Finale (Clear Main Campaign stages after Chapter 3 or event stages (EX not included) to earn “Blue Light”. Accumulate “Blue Light” to gradually unlock the event story. Complete it to get Wisdom Cubes.)

Shipbuilding Support Plan: Eagle Union (Log in to the game to get Build Tickets and event PTs.)

**Rerun Events**  
_Available for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/21, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Light-Chasing Sea of Stars Rerun (During the event, play event stages to collect PT to earn special rewards.)  
※During the event, sortie to event stages to earn event PT “Bunbun UR Voucher” and exchange them for the limited UR character Laffey II. (Laffey II can be exchanged up to 2 times. “Bunbun UR Voucher” can be obtained by completing SP levels, daily missions, challenge missions, event PT shop, etc.)  
※During the event, sortie to event stages to earn PT “Data Fragment” and exchange them for rewards including the limited character Flasher. Normal mode will reward 5 times PT for first clear each day, while Hard Mode will reward triple PT for first clear each day. The EX stage will be unlocked after finishing the SP stage.  
※During the event, accumulate PT “Data Fragment” to earn rewards including the limited character Louisville.

Call to Arms: Sea of Stars Rerun (Princeton, Laffey, Anchorage, and Princeton META will gain bonus EXP from sorties. Use these ships to complete event missions, earn enough Training Points to unlock the “Light-Chasing Ring of Stars” portrait frame.)

Beneath Clear, Starry Skies Rerun (Complete event missions to obtain the limited gear, “Sea of Stars Area B20 Access Pass”.)

Rental Outfits (Log in during the event period to earn 3 rental outfit vouchers, which can be used on the following skins: Guam – Stage-Setting Charmer (L2D), Laffey II – Sleepy on a Busy Day (L2D), Constellation – Galaxy’s Finest (Dynamic).)

**Rerun Characters**  
_Available for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/21, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Guam (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Constellation (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Flasher (Available in event construction pool)  
San Jacinto (Rate up in event construction pool)  
※Guam will have a rate of 1.2% in the upcoming Limited Construction. Additionally, after every 200 event construction attempts, an additional copy of Guam can be obtained (limit of 4 times). This process won’t be affected by whether Guam appears in the construction attempt or not. Accumulated construction attempts will not carry over to the next limited construction event.

_Exchange available in PT shop for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/28, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Laffey II  
Flasher

_Available as a reward of accumulated PT for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/28, 11:59 P.M (UTC-7)_  
Louisville

**Rerun Skins**  
_Available for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/21, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Guam – Stage-Setting Charmer (L2D)  
Laffey II – Sleepy on a Busy Day (L2D)  
Cleveland – Knight of the Pop-Up Shop (L2D)  
Constellation – Galaxy’s Finest (Dynamic)  
Louisville – An Order of Dreams (Dynamic)  
Flasher – Tearjerking Service  
San Jacinto – Flavor of the Day  
Z35 – Liebender Engel  
Houston II – Ready to Serve!

**New Items in Shop**  
_Available for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/21, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Limited Build Supplies (1 purchase limited)  
Limited Strategic Supplies (5 purchases limited)  
Decor Tokens Pack (2 purchases limited)  
Cognitive Chip Pack (2 purchases limited)

**Rerun Furniture**  
_Available for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/21, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Port Night Club

**Rerun Gearbox**  
_Available for a limited-time between 1/15 – 1/21, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Gear Skin Box (Night Club)

**System Optimization**  
Comics were updated;  
Fixed an issue where the main interface UI would occasionally disappear under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where, when the random secretary group was set to “Favorite,” it could incorrectly select outfit projections;  
Fixed an issue where the battle UI theme “Maid Café” displayed abnormally;  
Fixed an issue where Kurumi Tokisaki displayed abnormally in the Dorm when using certain gear skins;  
Fixed an issue where weapon barrages behaved abnormally when deploying with Owari’s outfit “My Wish is For Love”;  
Fixed some UI, text, and bugs.

**Event Reminders**  
_The following events will be unavailable after 1/14, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
A Note Through the Firmament PT redemption  
Call to Arms: Transboundary Experiment  
Blueprint Completion Plan – Hindenburg

**Character Reminders**  
_The following characters will be unavailable after 1/14, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
William D. Porter  
Cleveland META  
Clarence K. Bronson

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2000×coins  
2500×oils

**Target**  
Accounts created before 1/15/2026, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2026/01/14/maintenance-notice-1-15-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
