────────────────────────────────────────
DATE: 2026-02-04
TITLE: Maintenance Notice – 2/5, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
────────────────────────────────────────

Posted on [February 4, 2026](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2026/02/04/maintenance-notice-2-5-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 2/5, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 2/5, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 8 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers  
**All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Events  
\***Available for a limited-time between 2/5 – 2/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Shipbuilding Support Plan: Otherworldly Adventure (Log in to the game to get Build Tickets and event PTs.)

Emergency Module Development (During the event, Emergency Module Development can be challenged once per day to obtain Augment Module Core, Augment Module Stone, and other rewards. In addition, Augment Module Core and Augment Module Stone could be claimed by clearing cumulative missions of Emergency Module Development.)  
※The quick battle option will be unlocked after completing the raid with an S rating.

**Rerun Events  
\***Available for a limited-time between 2/5 – 2/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*From Zero to Hero Rerun (During the event, play event stages to collect PT to earn special rewards, including the limited character Devonshire.)  
※Fantasy Battlefield (This event consists of Battle and Story. Finish battles and requests to obtain Adventure EXP and Royal Coins. Finish stories to obtain great rewards in Adventurer’s Guild.)  
※Adventurer’s Guild (During the event, sortie to event stages and daily requests to obtain great rewards.)  
※Manjuu Temple (Give Royal Coins the manjuu statue to receive rewards and a blessing.)  
※Interface (Accumulate Adventure EXP to earn great rewards, including the limited character Devonshire)

※Rental Outfits (Log in during the event period to earn 3 Rental Outfit Vouchers, which can be used on the following skins: Devonshire – Sadistic Demon (L2D), Arkhangelsk – Supporting Sorceress (Dynamic), Friedrich Carl – A Game of Love.)

**Island Planner Update  
**※New Development Season and new gameplay will be available.  
※Unlocks at Commander Lv. 50.

【Development Season II】 Development Season II will be available between 2/5 – 5/6, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7). During the event, Peary will issue requests for specialty products. Complete these orders to earn rewards such as Season Points. You can also obtain island character training materials, Stellar Tickets, and more by completing Development Plans.  
※Unlock Requirement: Reach Island Development Lv. 5.  
※Detailed rewards for the new Island Development Season can be viewed in-game.  
※When the Island Development Season I ends after the 2/5 maintenance, materials stored in the Warehouse will be automatically converted into Island Development PT. Ongoing island requests, transport jobs, character assignments, manual planting, and shop management will be cleared and reset. Island Technology and character development progress will not be reset.  
※After the current Development Season ends, any unclaimed Development Plan rewards and accumulated PT rewards will no longer be obtainable, so please be sure to claim them in time.

【Pearl Trade】Unlocks after completing the “Research Into the Pearl Trade” task. During the event, you can sell pearls to the mysterious trader who appears on Get-Together Island. Pearls can be bought from Peary. The selling and purchase price of pearls changes every day. Visit other islands to try to get the best offer.  
※Unlock Requirement: Reach Island Development Lv. 22.  
※There is a weekly purchase limit.  
※At the end of the Development Season, all held pearls will be cleared, so please be sure to sell them before the season ends.

【Fishing】You can fish at any of the fishing spots on the map. Once a fish bites, reel it in at the right time to make progress. Trying to reel the fish in at the wrong time consumes extra stamina. Stamina will be depleted over time. Land the catch before you run out of stamina.  
※Several fishing spots can be found around the island with signs nearby. Upgrading your fishing rod in Island Tech or changing lure will help attract different types of fish.  
※After catching a fish, you will unlock its corresponding fry in the Fish Collection. Purchase fry from the shop to raise it in your very own fish hatchery.  
※Certain fish can be processed by the Manager of the Fish Hatchery into Fish Meat, which can then be supplied to restaurants to produce a wider variety of dishes.

【Stellar Prize Draw】New content will be available. By spending Stellar Tickets, you can obtain new characters, outfits, furniture, and more.  
※The full list of obtainable rewards for the Stellar Prize Draw can be viewed in-game.  
※Stellar Tickets can be earned through playing Island Planner, or purchased using Gems.  
※ When the current Stellar Prize Draw period ends, if there are still rewards left in the pool, all remaining Stellar Tickets will be used automatically. If all rewards have been drawn and there are still unused Stellar Tickets, the remaining tickets will be refunded based on their purchase price. Both the automatic draws and the refund will be sent via in-game mail.

【New Characters】New characters will be added to Island Planner, including William D. Porter, Chen Hai, Atago, Helena, Friedrich der Große, and Prinz Eugen. You can invite these characters to Island Planner by participating in Island Development Season, the Stellar Prize Draw, Island Technology, and other related features.

**Rerun Characters  
\***Available for a limited-time between 2/5 – 2/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Friedrich Carl (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Nubian (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Liverpool (Rate up in event construction pool)

*Exchange available in PT shop for a limited-time between 2/5 – 2/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
*Devonshire

**Rerun Skins  
\***Available for a limited-time between 2/5 – 2/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Devonshire – Sadistic Demon (L2D)  
Arkhangelsk – Supporting Sorceress (Dynamic)  
Friedrich Carl – A Game of Love  
Nubian – Normal Potion Maker  
Liverpool – Breeze of Blessings  
Unicorn – Snow White Guardian Angel  
Blücher – Skyward Burning Love  
Jade – A Good Girl’s Magic

**Rerun Furniture  
\***Available for a limited-time between 2/5 – 2/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Sorcerer’s Magic Cabin

**Rerun Gearbox  
\***Available for a limited-time between 2/5 – 2/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Gear Skin Box (RPG Adventure)

**Augment Update  
**Georgia – Georgia Beam!  
Shirayuki – Shirayuki’s Snowbunny

**New Memory  
**Ting An – A Disastrous Investment

**FleetChat Update  
**Ting An

**System Optimization  
**Comics were updated;  
Island Planner balance adjustments and system improvements:  
a. The processing time for certain recipes will be reduced;  
b. Some consumables (such as seeds) can now be purchased in bulk.  
Fixed some UI, text, and bugs.

**Event Reminders  
\***The following events will be unavailable after 2/4, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Light & Shadow Fashion Shoot!  
Commemorative Album  
Rental Outfits (Takao – Inner Cultivation (L2D+), Francesco Caracciolo – Confession Under the Spotlight (Dynamic), Alabama – Through Your Lens, My Everything (Dynamic))

**Character Reminders  
\***The following characters will be unavailable after 2/4, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Francesco Caracciolo  
Alberto di Giussano

**Skin Reminders  
\***The following skins will be unavailable after 2/4, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Takao – Inner Cultivation (L2D+)  
Francesco Caracciolo – Confession Under the Spotlight (Dynamic)  
Alabama – Through Your Lens, My Everything (Dynamic)  
Chien Wu – All-Nighter Masterpiece (Dynamic)  
Alberto di Giussano – A Magnificent Mistake  
Ugolino Vivaldi – An Unexpected Catch!  
Fujinami – Secret Fashion Show For You  
Shimakaze – The Unmoving Rabbit

**Friendly Reminders  
**During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation  
**2500×coins  
3000×oils

**Target  
**Accounts created before 2/5/2026, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2026/02/04/maintenance-notice-2-5-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
