==December 4th 2025==
=== New Contents ===
<ol>
<li>'''Limited Time Event: [[Popularity Poll|Popularity Poll 2025]]'''
*Event period: From December 4th 2025 to February 2nd 2026, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
*Complete event missions to collect ballots and use them to vote for your favorite shipgirls and receive rewards based on how many votes you have cast.
*The Popularity Poll 2025 will have two types of votes:
**The regular '''Main Votes''' (7 rounds including Qualifiers, Group A-D, Repechage, Finals)
**The '''Special Votes''' (3 rounds including Special Votes I-III).
*All Commanders who have reached Commander Level 25 are able to obtain Main Votes ballots by completing daily missions and one-time missions and obtain Special Votes ballots by logging daily.
*Excluding shipgirls already in the Hall of Fame ([[Amagi]], [[Laffey]], [[Bismarck]], [[New Jersey]], [[Prinz Eugen]], [[Friedrich der Große]], [[Shinano]], [[Ägir]], [[Kearsarge]]), all shipgirls available in the game before November 23rd, 2025 are eligible to participate.
*Collaboration characters (excluding blueprint ships), µ-rigging, Type II rigging, as well as alternate versions of shipgirls cannot participate in the poll, but [[META]] and Little shipgirls can be voted on in the special vote rounds.
*Characters that are newly added to the Hall of Fame will receive new stories and limited portrait frames.
*The commemorative furniture will be available between February 3rd and February 7th, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7) after the Popularity Poll 2025 ends.
<li>'''Limited Time Event: [[Memories in Echo]]'''
*Event period: From December 4th 2025 to January 7th 2026, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
*Clear Main Campaign stages after Chapter 3 to earn "Blue Light". Accumulate "Blue Light" to gradually unlock the event story.
*Complete the event to get the limited gear [[Blue Sea Mystery]].
<li>'''Limited Time Event: [[Daily Raid#Emergency Module Development (Limited)|Emergency Module Development]]'''
*Event period: From December 4th to December 10th, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
*During the event, Emergency Module Development can be challenged once per day to obtain Augment Module Core, Augment Module Stone, and other rewards.
*In addition, Augment Module Core and Augment Module Stone could be claimed by clearing cumulative missions of Emergency Module Development.
*The quick battle option will be unlocked after completing the raid with an S rating.
<li>'''[[Augmentation|Augment Modules]] Update:'''
*Available permanently:
**[[A Lady's Hallmark (Perhaps)|Formidable – A Lady's Hallmark (Perhaps)]]
**[[Auspicious Dragonfly|Noshiro – Auspicious Dragonfly]]
**[[Eisen|Prinz Heinrich – Eisen]]
**[[Eyes Out for Danger|Astoria – Eyes Out for Danger]]
**[[Laureled Timepiece|Giulio Cesare – Laureled Timepiece]]
<li>'''New [[Memories|Memory]]:'''
*[[Fargo/Questline#Character Story|Fargo – Happiness is Incalculable]]
<li>'''FleetChat Update:'''
*[[Fargo]]
<li>'''Operation Siren:'''
*Classified Files Mission Logger X9 has been added to the Exchange Shop. Exchange it to unlock File Missions. Go to certain Zones to complete the missions to earn rewards.
**Each Classified Files Mission Logger can only be exchanged one time.
**A new Classified Files Mission Logger can not be exchanged when there are unfinished File Missions.
</ol>

=== System Optimization ===
#'''General'''
#*Comics were updated;
#*Fixed an issue where friend recommendations were not displaying correctly under certain circumstances;
#*Fixed an issue with abnormal Live2D resource display for Pearl's outfit "Fallen Angel in the Dark Castle";
#*Fixed an issue where the display position of some characters' Live2D illustrations on the main interface was abnormal under certain conditions;
#*Fixed an issue where Dmitri Donskoi's skill "Steelsurge Concerto" barrage failed to trigger correctly under certain conditions;
#*Fixed an issue in Island Planner where the weekly task completion count was abnormal under certain circumstances;
#*Fixed an issue in Island Planner where the behavior status of some characters did not match expectations;
#*Fixed an issue in Island Planner where some UI elements displayed abnormally;
#*Fixed UI, text, and other resources.
