==October 9th 2025==
=== New Contents ===

<ol>
<li>'''Limited Time Event: [[An Encounter Beneath Clear Skies]]'''
*Event period: From October 9th to October 22nd, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
*Participate to earn great rewards, including limited characters, furniture, gear skins, and augments.
*During the event, clear Main Campaign stages after Chapter 3 or event stages (EX not included) to earn Trust. If [[Hestia]] is afloat in a fleet that defeats the Boss of a stage that grants Trust, you will gain twice as much Trust. Accumulate enough Trust and complete all milestone missions to have [[Hestia]] permanently join your fleet.
*During the event, a new mission will unlock every day until 10/15. Complete them all to obtain [[Ryu Lion]].
*During the event, complete the event story to get great rewards, including the commemorative furniture, "Bonfire of Victory".
*'''Event Characters:'''
<div style="display:flex; flex-wrap:wrap; margin-left:35px">
{{ShipDisplay|5|Hestia|AR||'''[[An Encounter Beneath Clear Skies#Eternal Sacred Flame|Event Reward]]'''}}
{{ShipDisplay|5|Ryu Lion|CL||'''[[An Encounter Beneath Clear Skies#Unstoppable Gale|Event Reward]]'''}}
</div>
<li>'''Limited Time Event: 3x Core Data Campaign'''
*Event period: From October 10th to October 15th, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
*During this campaign, clear Hard Mode maps daily to earn triple the Core Data.
<li>'''New [[Skins]]:'''
*Available between October 9th and October 22nd, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
<div style="display:flex; flex-wrap:wrap; margin-left:15px">
{{ShipDisplay|5|Hestia|AR|Summer|Godly Vacation!|{{Gem}} 1000|1|DYN|539}}
{{ShipDisplay|5|Ryu Lion|CL|Maid|Night at the Pub|{{Gem}} 1000|1|DYN|163}}
</div>
<li>'''New [[List of Furniture Sets|Furniture Sets]]:'''
*Available between October 9th and October 22nd, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
**'''Labyrinth City'''
<li>'''[[Augmentation|Augment Modules]] Update:'''
*Available between October 9th and October 22nd, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
**[[Hestia's String|Hestia – Hestia's String]]
**[[Alf's Justitia|Ryu Lion – Alf's Justitia]]
**''These collab augment modules can be obtained by participating in the limited collab event.''
*Available permanently:
**[[Anchor of Fortune|Alabama – Anchor of Fortune]]
**[[Protector of Order|Myoukou – Protector of Order]]
<li>'''Private Quarters Update'''
*''New items:''
**Available permanently:
***New Jersey's furniture – Sanctuary Beyond Heavens
<li>'''Juustagram:'''
*Available between October 9th and October 22nd, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
**New content added
<li>'''CV Update:'''
*'''Characters'''
**[[Hestia/Quotes|Hestia]] – Inori Minase
**[[Ryu Lion/Quotes|Ryu Lion]] – Saori Hayami
*'''Skins'''
**[[Hestia/Quotes|Hestia]] – Godly Vacation! (Dynamic) – Inori Minase
**[[Ryu Lion/Quotes|Ryu Lion]] – Night at the Pub (Dynamic) – Saori Hayami
*'''EX (Post-Oath)'''
**[[Hestia/Quotes|Hestia]] – Inori Minase
**[[Ryu Lion/Quotes|Ryu Lion]] – Saori Hayami
</ol>

=== System Optimization ===
#'''General''' #*Comics were updated. #*Fixed an issue where interactive actions in Island Planner failed to display properly under certain circumstances. #*Fixed an issue where claimable achievements in Island Planner were not properly visible under specific conditions. #*Fixed abnormal prompts when performing specific actions in Island Planner. #*Adjusted the selling price of Floral and Fruity in Island Planner. #*Fixed an issue where Iced Coffee could not be unlocked normally in Island Planner. #*Removed the Corn Cup Recipe from Island Tech. The resources have been refunded via In-Game Mail to Commanders who had already unlocked the Recipe before the maintenance. #*Fixed an issue where the progress of certain development areas in Island Planner was abnormal under specific conditions. #*Fixed an issue where the quantity of remaining materials displayed incorrectly after upgrading character skills in Island Planner. #*Fixed an issue where Fushun's Great Adventure III could not be played properly.
#\*Optimized and corrected some images, text, and other resources.
