<div style="clear: right; margin-bottom: .5em; float: right; padding: .5em 0 .8em 1.4em; background: none; width: auto;">{{TOC Limit|2}}</div>
==September 29th 2025==
=== New Contents ===
<ol>
<li>'''New Feature: [[Island Planner]]'''
*Available permanently:
*Unlocks at Commander Lv. 50
*Enter through "HQ" – "Island Planner"
*Use Island Authority Permits to give characters the credentials to visit the island freely.
*Unlock more stories, features, and rewards by leveling characters, completing Island Requests, researching, and exploring the island.
*Season I will be available between September 29th 2025 and January 7th 2026, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7).
*During a season, earn Island Development Points (IDP) by exchanging resources, producing specific resources, completing transport jobs, participating in seasonal events, and making purchases in the shop.
*Spend Stellar Tickets on the Stellar Prize Draw to draw various prizes, ranging in grade from S (highest) to C (lowest).
*Stellar Tickets can be earned through playing Island Planner, or purchased using Gems.
*The first edition of Stellar Prize Draw will be available between September 29th 2025 and January 7th 2026, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7).
*Log in to get great rewards including Island Development Gem, Manufacturing Textbook T2, and Cognitive Chips.
*''Note: "Island Planner" requires an extra 3.3GB of resources to download.''
<li>'''Affinity Gifts'''
*Affinity gifts can be obtained through the Island Planner shop. Give gifts in Character Details to raise their affinity level.
<li>'''New Items in Shop:'''
*Available between September 29th and October 8th, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
**The Heart-Throbber Pack (1 purchase limited)
</ol>

=== System Optimization ===
#'''General'''
#*Fixed some UI, texts, and bugs.
