==August 28th 2025==
=== New Contents ===
<ol>
<li>'''Limited Time Rerun Event: [[Voltage Rising]]'''
*Event period: From August 28th to September 24th, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
*During the event, 2 new missions unlock every day at midnight until September 3rd.
*Complete them all to get a special retrofit item for [[Eldridge]].
*''Commanders who already own the retrofit item or [[Eldridge]] (Retrofit) will instead receive a commemorative item.''
<li>'''Limited Time Rerun Event: [[Extreme_Challenge#Virgo|Extreme Challenge – Virgo]]'''
*Event period: From September 1st to September 30th, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
*The next boss, [[Helena]], will automatically rotate when the month changes to September.
*Assemble the best fleet you can and clear challenge stages to earn limited portrait and chat frames of Virgo.
<li>'''New Items in [[Akashi's Shop]]:'''
*Available between August 28th and September 11th, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7):
**Promise Crate (1 purchase limited)
<li>'''[[Shops#Core Exchange|Core Data Shop]] Update:'''
*Available permanently in Core Shop (Ltd.):
**[[40cm Type 94 Naval Gun Parts]]
<li>'''New Monthly Login Reward (September):'''
*Furniture '''(EN Only)''':
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center; margin-left:20px; margin-top:0px;"
|'''Fully-Automatic Anti-Fall Treadmill'''
|}
</ol>

=== System Optimization ===
#'''General'''
#*Optimized the guide illustration for the "Outfit Store" in the Commander's Handbook.
#*Fixed abnormal display issues with the following skins under certain circumstances:
#**[[Bois Belleau]] – Steamy Therapy (L2D+)
#**[[Enterprise]] – Bathing Under Sunny Skies (L2D)
#**[[Shimakaze]] – The White Rabbit of Wonderland (L2D)
#*Fixed an issue where Outfit Store tasks in the Commander's Handbook could not be completed under specific conditions.
#*Fixed blurred red dot notification numbers on the "Home Screen – Event" interface.
#*Fixed incorrect task redirections in the "Rookie Missions" page.
#*Fixed abnormal display of dynamic illustrations in the "Owned Skins" section of the Skin Shop under certain conditions.
#*Fixed incorrect effect triggers when characters were simultaneously affected by multiple "Evade Attack" skills during combat.
#*Fixed an issue where the character acquisition screen did not display after purchasing a character in the Merit Shop.
#*Fixed missing "Not Obtained" tags in the Supply Shop under certain conditions.
#*Fixed an issue where [[Maryland]] (Retrofit) incorrectly appeared under the "Other" category in the "Owned Skins" section of the Skin Shop.
#*Fixed an issue where the voice-over of [[Essex]]'s skin "The Gale of Course 88" could not play properly.
#*Fixed some bugs, texts and images.
