────────────────────────────────────────
DATE: 2025-12-10
TITLE: Maintenance Notice – 12/11, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
────────────────────────────────────────

Posted on [December 10, 2025](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2025/12/10/maintenance-notice-12-11-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 12/11, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 12/11, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 6 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Events**  
_Available for a limited-time between 2025/12/11 – 2026/1/14, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Call to Arms: Transboundary Experiment (Phase I: (12/11 – 12/17): Lexington, Helena, Enterprise, Yorktown, and Hornet will gain bonus EXP from sorties and can be used during Phase II to complete event missions and earn Training Pts.)  
(Phase II (12/18 – 1/14): Use the ships from Phase I of the event to complete event missions, earn Training Pts, and get a limited portrait frame.)

Blueprint Completion Plan – Hindenburg (During the event, earn up to a total of 30 bonus blueprints for Hindenburg when completing research projects.)

*Available for a limited-time between 2025/12/11 – 2026/1/7, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
*To a Brighter World (2 new missions are added every day until 12/17. Complete them all to get the limited gear, “Director’s Screenplay”.)

**New Character  
\***Obtainable from META Showdown for a limited-time between 2025/12/11 – 2026/3/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Yorktown META

**Rerun Character  
\***Available permanently in Dossier Analysis  
\*Wichita META

**CV Update  
\***Character\*  
Yorktown META – Kana Yuuki

**System Optimization  
**Fixed an issue where abnormal display occurred when challenging Helena META in Dossier Analysis under certain circumstances;  
Fixed an issue where the random secretary ship button would appear on the details page of some temporarily obtained characters under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the Shop interface displayed abnormally under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where some Live2D skin resources appeared blurry;  
Fixed an issue where the chibi illustrations in the Dorm displayed abnormally under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where story cutscenes played abnormally under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the barrage effect of Independence (Retrofit)’s skill “Knights of the Sky” was abnormal under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where visitors in the Island Planner failed to display correctly under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the game would freeze when clicking “Claim All” in the Development Plan under certain conditions;  
Fixed some UI, text, and other bugs.

**Event Reminders  
\***The following events will be unavailable after 12/10, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Emergency Module Development  
Rapid Training Campaign  
“DATE A LANE” event PT redemption

**Character Reminders  
\***The following characters will be unavailable after 12/10, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Yuudachi META  
Kaguya Yamai・Yuzuru Yamai  
Yoshino

**Friendly Reminders  
**During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation  
**2000×coins  
2500×oils

**Target  
**Accounts created before 12/11/2025, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2025/12/10/maintenance-notice-12-11-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
