---
date: 2025-09-28
title: Maintenance Notice – 9/29, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
---

Posted on [September 28, 2025September 28, 2025](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2025/09/28/maintenance-notice-9-29-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 9/29, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 9/29, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 8 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Features  
\***Island Planner added  
\*※You can enter the new gameplay Island Planner through “HQ” – “Island Planner”.  
※Unlocks at Commander Lv. 50.  
【Island Planner】  
※Use the Island Authority Permits to give characters the credentials to visit the island freely.  
※Unlock more stories, features, and rewards by leveling characters, completing Island Requests, researching, and exploring the island.  
【Season】  
※During a season, you can earn Island Development Points (IDP) by doing things such as exchanging resources, producing specific resources, completing transport jobs, participating in seasonal events, and making purchases in the shop.  
※Season I will be available between 9/29/2025 – 1/7/2026, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7).  
【Stellar Prize Draw】  
※You can spend Stellar Tickets on the Stellar Prize Draw to draw various prizes, ranging in grade from S (highest) to C (lowest).  
※Stellar Tickets can be earned through playing Island Planner, or purchased using Gems.  
※The first edition of Stellar Prize Draw will be available between 9/29/2025 – 1/7/2026, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7).  
【Login Bonus】  
※Log in to get great rewards including Island Development Gem, Manufacturing Textbook T2, and Cognitive Chips.

※※※※※Important Notice※※※※※  
※”Island Planner” requires an extra of 3.3GB resources downloading.  
※ If experiencing frame drops or lag during gameplay, navigate to \[Island Planner\] → \[Manage\] → \[Settings\] → \[Island Display\] to lower graphics settings for smoother performance.  
※ If you encounter display issues such as screen flickering during gameplay, enable \[Rendering Compatibility Mode\] in \[Main Menu\] → \[Settings\] → \[Options\] → \[Other Settings\] to improve performance.

◆ Minimum Requirements for Island Project ◆  
For optimal gameplay, the following configurations are recommended:  
_Android:_  
CPU: Snapdragon 845 or equivalent (or higher)  
RAM: 6GB+  
OS: Android 9.0+  
_iOS:_  
Devices:  
iPhone: iPhone 12 Pro or newer  
iPad: Models with A13 chip or newer  
OS: iOS 13.0+  
_Emulator:_  
Set graphics renderer to OpenGL  
If screen artifacts occur, disable Distortion in Island settings.

_Affinity Gifts added  
_※You can obtain affinity gifts through the Island Planner shop. Give gifts in Character Details to raise their affinity level.

**New Item in Shop  
\***Available for a limited-time between 9/29 – 10/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*The Heart-Throbber Pack (1 purchase limited)

**System Optimization**  
Fixed some UI, texts, and bugs.

**Friendly Reminders  
**During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation  
**2500×coins  
3000×oils

**Target  
**Accounts created before 9/29/2025, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2025/09/28/maintenance-notice-9-29-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
