---
date: 2025-09-11
title: Maintenance Notice – 9/4, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
---

Posted on [September 3, 2025September 11, 2025](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2025/09/03/maintenance-notice-9-4-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Yostar](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/yostar/)

# Maintenance Notice – 9/4, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 9/4, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 8 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

This update will be a mandatory update. After the maintenance, Commanders would have to enter the app store to manually update the game. In addition, when launching the game, you will need to download an extra 1-3GB of assests. It’s recommended that you perform the update in a WiFi environment. To ensure game progress is saved, please bind the game account using one of the following methods, Facebook, X or Yostar.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Events**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/4 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Call to Arms: Amahara  
(Phase I: (9/4 – 9/11): Helena, Zuikaku, Akagi, Unzen, and Houshou META will gain bonus EXP from sorties and can be used during Phase II to complete event missions and earn Training Pts.)  
(Phase II (9/12 – 10/2): Use the ships from Phase I of the event to complete event missions, earn Training Pts, and get a limited portrait frame.)

Summons from the Sakura Empire (New missions become available every day until 9/10. Complete them all to get the limited gear, “Sakuran Summons”.)

Blueprint Completion Plan – Shimanto (During the event, earn up to a total of 30 bonus blueprints for Shimanto when completing research projects.)

_Available for a limited-time between 9/4 – 9/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Emergency Module Development (During the event, Emergency Module Development can be challenged once per day to obtain Augment Module Core, Augment Module Stone, and other rewards. In addition, Augment Module Core and Augment Module Stone could be claimed by clearing cumulative missions of Emergency Module Development.)  
※The quick battle option will be unlocked after completing the raid with an S rating.

**New Character**  
_Obtainable from META Showdown for a limited-time between 9/4 – 12/10, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Yuudachi META

**Rerun Character**  
_Available permanently in Dossier Analysis_  
Rodney META

**Rerun Skin**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/4 – 9/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Prince of Wales – A Knight’s Song, a Lady’s Night

**Private Quarters Update**  
_New items_  
Available permanently  
Anchorage’s furniture – Dream in the Clouds

_Available for a limited-time between 9/4 – 9/18, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
New furniture – Seaside Slide

**Augment Update**  
Monarch – Monarch’s Pledge  
Yukikaze – Noble, Lucky, and Invincible  
Yorktown – The Miracle That Symbolizes Freedom  
Z35 – The Stage is Mine  
Forbin – Squire’s Rapier

**CV Update**  
_Character_  
Yuudachi META – Natsumi Takamori

**System Optimization**  
Comics were updated;  
Optimized the UI adaptation of the following skins: Enterprise – Diving Under Blue Skies (L2D), Helena – Shimmering Triangle Wave (L2D), Prince of Wales – A Knight’s Song, a Lady’s Night;  
Added the display for the amount of data deleted when deleting Private Quarters resources;  
Added a resource management feature in the Settings → Audio page. You can delete unwanted resources, and tap “Tap to download” to restore them later;  
Fixed an issue where the Live2D illustration for Amagi(CV)’s outfit “Throne of Fallen Petals” would display abnormally under certain circumstances;  
Fixed abnormal texture quality and scene material rendering in the Private Quarters under specific conditions;  
Fixed an issue where Azuma’s main gun efficiency did not increase correctly when equipped with the Prototype Triple 283mm/54.5 Main Gun Mount;  
Fixed abnormal activation of the skill “Fairy Magic” (from the “Fairy Magic” Poster gear) under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where character illustration size would display incorrectly during the preview state under specific circumstances;  
Fixed some UI, texts and images.

**Event Reminders**  
_The following events will be unavailable after 9/3, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Secrets of the Abyss PT redemption  
The Bard’s Poem Rerun  
Blueprint Completion Plan – Kearsarge

**Character Reminders**  
_The following characters will be unavailable after 9/3, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Le Hardi  
Duguay-Trouin  
Kawakaze META

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2500×coins  
3000×oils  
200×gems

**Target**  
Accounts created before 9/4/2025, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2025/09/03/maintenance-notice-9-4-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

---

date: 2025-09-11
title: Maintenance Notice – 9/12, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

---

Posted on [September 11, 2025](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2025/09/11/maintenance-notice-9-12-12-a-m-utc-7-2/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 9/12, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 9/12, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 8 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Events**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
A Dance for Amahara Above (During the event, play event stages to collect event PT to earn special rewards.)  
※During the event, sortie to event stages to earn event PT “Dream Stone (UR Voucher)” and exchange them for the limited UR character I-404. (I-404 can be exchanged up to 2 times. Dream Stone (UR Voucher) can be obtained by completing SP levels, daily missions, challenge missions, Turmoil in the Ninja Castle, event PT shop, etc.)  
※During the event, sortie to event stages to earn event PT “Amahara Phoenix Feathers” and exchange them for rewards including the limited character, Asama.  
※During the event, accumulate PT to earn rewards including the limited character Taekaze.

Turmoil in the Ninja Castle (Participate in the event to earn rewards such as exclusive furniture, gear skins, and event PTs.)  
※Castle Defense (Crush all the assailants on your castle to earn rewards.)  
※Lord’s Scroll (Obtain materials to repair the castle and recruit troops.)  
※Shinobi Secrets (Gain progress to unlock new stories.)  
※Open-Air Onsen (Place your shipgirls inside the onsen to increase their Morale recovery speed.)

Commemorative Album (During the event, complete commemorative missions to collect stickers and exchange for “Sky Realm Amahara Medal”.)

Special Login Campaign (Log in during the campaign period to earn great rewards.)

Rental Outfits (Log in during the event period to earn 3 rental outfit vouchers, which can be used on the following skins: Sovetsky Soyuz – Stringed Interrogation (Dual-Form), Hakuhou – Floral Ninja Roleplay (L2D+), Oumi – A Failed Escape? (L2D).)

_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/31, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
During the event, players under Lv.80 will earn double Commander and ship EXP from sorties.

**New Characters**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Hakuhou (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Oumi (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Asama (Available in event construction pool)  
Minase (Rate up in event construction pool)

※Hakuhou will have a rate of 1.2% in the upcoming Limited Construction. Additionally, after every 200 event construction attempts, an additional copy of Hakuhou can be obtained (limit of 4 times). This process won’t be affected by whether Hakuhou appears in the construction attempt or not. Accumulated construction attempts will not carry over to the next limited construction event.

_Exchange available in PT shop for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
I-404  
Asama

_Available as a reward of accumulated PT for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/8, 11:59 P.M._ (UTC-7)  
Taekaze

**New Retrofit**  
_Available permanently_  
Shiratsuyu (Retrofit)

**New Skins**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Sovetsky Soyuz – Stringed Interrogation (Dual-Form)  
Hakuhou – Floral Ninja Roleplay (L2D+)  
Oumi – A Failed Escape? (L2D)  
Asama- Blooming Upon a Bewitching Night (L2D)  
I-404 – Dance of Crimson Strings (Dynamic)  
I-404’s outfit “Dance of Crimson Strings” adds a new interactive function. Tap the button to switch between different states, and experience different expressions, dialogue, and voice-over performances.  
Morrison – Technology or Ninjutsu? (Dynamic)  
Morrison’s outfit “Technology or Ninjutsu?” includes multiple randomly triggered animations.  
Minase – Maidenly Meditation  
Taekaze – Kunoichi’s Emergency Landing

**Rerun Skins**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Amagi(CV) – Throne of Fallen Petals (L2D)  
※This skin is for Amagi(CV) only. Please note Amagi(CV) and Amagi(BC) cannot share skins.  
Watarase – Garments of Everlasting Magic (L2D)  
Ayase – A Glimpse of the Moon Rabbit (Dynamic)  
Belfast – Blissful Service (Dynamic)  
Suzunami – Winter Beauty’s Ball Gown  
Ark Royal – Order Amidst Amusement  
Z35 – Himmel: Beyond Love’s Boundaries  
Sheffield – Occult Clash

_Available permanently_  
Kashino – Robust Floral Strings (L2D)  
Hakuryuu – Flash of Silk and Strings (L2D)  
Hatsuzuki – August’s First Romance (L2D)  
Owari – Shimmering Forsythia (Dynamic)  
Natori – Beach Paradise  
Asanagi – Lulled by Rough Seas  
Nautilus – Shining Blossom in the Deep Blue  
Katsuragi – Shallow-Water Leisure

**New Items in Shop**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Ninja Castle Lucky Box A (1 purchase limited)  
Dreamland Lucky Bag A Rerun (1 purchase limited)  
Battle UI Pack – Ninja Castle (Basic) (1 purchase limited)  
Battle UI Pack – Ninja Castle (Premium) (1 purchase limited)  
※1 Battle UI Pack – Ninja Castle (Basic) contains the Battle UI Theme Ninja Castle and Coin*1000; 1 Battle UI Pack – Ninja Castle (Premium) contains the Battle UI Theme Ninja Castle and Gem*3060\. You can only choose to buy ONE version.  
Limited Build Supplies (1 purchase limited)  
Limited Strategic Supplies (5 purchases limited)  
Decor Tokens Pack (2 purchases limited)  
Cognitive Chip Pack (2 purchases limited)

**New Furniture**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Ninja Castle

**New Gearbox**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Gear Skin Box (Dreams of Amahara)

**FleetChat Update**  
Hakuhou  
I-404  
Oumi  
Asama  
Minase  
Taekaze

**JUUSTAGRAM**  
_Available for a limited-time between 9/12 – 10/2, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
New content added

**CV Update**  
_Characters_  
Hakuhou – Shiori Izawa  
I-404 – Minori Ozawa  
Oumi – Haruka Chisuga  
Asama – Ayahi Takagaki  
Minase – Ayasa Goto  
Taekaze – Mizuki Niizaki  
Shiratsuyu (Retrofit) – Narumi Shinohara

**Skins**  
Sovetsky Soyuz – Stringed Interrogation (Dual-Form) – Haruka Tomatsu  
Hakuhou – Floral Ninja Roleplay (L2D+) – Shiori Izawa  
Oumi – A Failed Escape? (L2D) – Haruka Chisuga  
Asama- Blooming Upon a Bewitching Night (L2D) – Ayahi Takagaki  
I-404 – Dance of Crimson Strings (Dynamic) – Minori Ozawa  
Morrison – Technology or Ninjutsu? (Dynamic) – Sakura Namiki  
Minase – Maidenly Meditation – Ayasa Goto  
Taekaze – Kunoichi’s Emergency Landing – Mizuki Niizaki

**EX**  
Hakuhou EX – Shiori Izawa  
I-404 EX – Minori Ozawa  
Oumi EX – Haruka Chisuga  
Asama EX – Ayahi Takagaki  
Minase EX – Ayasa Goto  
Taekaze EX – Mizuki Niizaki

**System Optimization**  
Fixed an issue where the “Join any guild” mission could not be completed under certain circumstances;  
Fixed an issue where resources related to the Secrets could not be deleted in some cases;  
Fixed an abnormal error when opening certain item details in Operation Siren’s Storage;  
Fixed an issue where the purchase animation for Dual-Form outfits only displayed Live2D assets;  
Fixed abnormal adaptation of irregular screen ratios on some interfaces;  
Fixed some UI, texts, and bugs.

**Event Reminders**  
_The following events will be unavailable after 9/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Call to Arms: Amahara Phase I  
Emergency Module Development

**Skin Reminder**  
_The following skins will be unavailable after 9/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Prince of Wales – A Knight’s Song, a Lady’s Night

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2500×coins  
3000×oils

**Target**  
Accounts created before 9/12/2025, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2025/09/11/maintenance-notice-9-12-12-a-m-utc-7-2/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
