---
date: 2026-03-25
title: Maintenance Notice – 3/26, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
---

Posted on [March 25, 2026](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2026/03/25/maintenance-notice-3-26-12-a-m-utc-7-2/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 3/26, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 3/26, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 8 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers  
**All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**New Events  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*The Vagabond’s Recruitment Plan (During the event, play event stages to collect event PTs to earn special rewards.)  
※Battle Mode: During the event, sortie to event stages to accumulate event PTs and get great rewards, including the limited character Kizu.  
※Story Mode: Read the whole story to get 5 Wisdom Cubes. This story features multiple endings, and your experience will vary depending on the choices you make.

Commemorative Album (During the event, complete commemorative missions to collect stickers and exchange for the medal, “Vagabond City Medal”.)

Rental Outfits (Log in during the event period to earn 3 rental outfit vouchers, which can be used on the following skins: Nayoro – Electric Affection (L2D), Unryuu – Mirage in the Night (Dynamic), Choukai – Steal Your Heart (Dynamic).)

*Available for a limited-time between 4/1 – 5/31, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
*Cruise Missions (During the campaign season, accumulate progress points to earn rewards.)  
※Cruise Missions Rewards will consist of Regular Rewards and Fair Winds Rewards. Regular Rewards will be available to all while the Fair Winds Rewards will require the purchase of Fair Winds Cruise Pass.  
※During the campaign season, complete missions and accumulate progress points to get Regular Rewards including the limited character Köln META and Specialized Bulin Custom MKIII.  
※Purchasing the Fair Winds Cruise Pass for $9.99 will grant 1,500 progress points immediately. Additionally, accumulate progress points to get Fair Winds Rewards including Avrora’s limited outfit “Mellow Seaspray” and Battle UI – Elderwood Ivy.  
※The campaign missions, progress points, Fair Winds Cruise Pass and rewards will only be available during the campaign season.

**New Characters  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Unryuu (Rate up in event construction pool)  
Nayoro (Rate up in event construction pool)  
L’Indomptable (Rate up in event construction pool)

*Available as a reward of accumulated PT for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/15, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
*Kizu

**New Skins  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Nayoro – Electric Affection (L2D)  
Unryuu – Mirage in the Night (Dynamic)  
Choukai – Steal Your Heart (Dynamic)  
Gorizia – The Spy Who Crushed on Me (Dynamic)  
Kizu – Thunder Dragon Caught in a Web  
Maya – Hunter of the Heart  
Seydlitz – Double the Danger  
L’Indomptable – The Covert Eavesdropper!

**New Items in Shop  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Night City Lucky Box (1 purchase limited)  
Limited Build Supplies (1 purchase limited)  
Limited Strategic Supplies (5 purchases limited)  
Decor Tokens Pack (2 purchases limited)  
Cognitive Chip Pack (2 purchases limited)

**New Furniture  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Data Command Center

**New Gearbox  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Gear Skin Box (Night Agents)

**Core Data Shop Update  
\***Available permanently in Core Shop (Ltd.)  
\*Oasis Barometer

**Cruise Pass Revisitor Shop Update  
\***Available permanently after 4/1, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Character skin: Foch – Majestic Majordomo  
Gear skins: Pixel Hadouken Shell, Pixel Missile Torpedo, Pixel Rolling Thunder, Pixel Red-Blue Orbs Shell

**META Shop Update  
\***Available permanently after 4/1, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Hatakaze META  
META Crystal – Hatakaze

**New Feature  
\***Available permanently  
\*Juu Port Updates (You can access Juu Port Updates from JUUSTAGRAM to view the characters’ daily lives in the port and interact with them.)

**Private Quarters Update  
\***Available permanently  
\*New Jersey’s exclusive gift – Gamepad

**Monthly Update  
\***April’s login furniture  
\*Mysterious Hourglass

*April’s Extreme Challenge  
*Aries (The next boss, “Yukikaze”, will automatically rotate when the month changes to April. Assemble the best fleet you can and clear challenge stages to earn limited portrait and chat frames of Aries.)

**FleetChat Update  
**Unryuu  
Kizu  
Nayoro

**JUUSTAGRAM  
\***Available for a limited-time between 3/26 – 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*New content added

**CV Update  
\***Characters  
\*Unryuu – Megumi Toda  
Kizu – Kanako Nomura  
Nayoro – Kanako Nomura  
Köln META – Ryoko Ono

*Skins  
*Nayoro – Electric Affection (L2D) – Kanako Nomura  
Unryuu – Mirage in the Night (Dynamic) – Megumi Toda  
Choukai – Steal Your Heart (Dynamic) – Ayaka Oohashi  
Gorizia – The Spy Who Crushed on Me (Dynamic) – Kotomi Aihara  
Kizu – Thunder Dragon Caught in a Web – Kanako Nomura  
Maya – Hunter of the Heart – Saori Onishi  
Seydlitz – Double the Danger – Minami Tsuda  
L’Indomptable – The Covert Eavesdropper! – Ayumi Tsuji

*EX  
*Unryuu EX – Megumi Toda  
Kizu EX – Kanako Nomura  
Nayoro EX – Kanako Nomura  
Choukai EX – Ayaka Oohashi  
Maya EX – Saori Onishi  
Gorizia EX – Kotomi Aihara

**System Optimization  
**Fixed an issue where Oleg’s illustration resources displayed abnormally under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where it was possible to purchase Oil in the event shop beyond the intended limit;  
Fixed an issue where the expression resources for Trinidad’s outfit “Trapper in the Changing Room” displayed abnormally;  
Fixed an issue where data loading in Project Identity 3.0 was abnormal under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where Project Identity 2.0 could freeze during visits under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the number of Abilities in Project Identity 3.0 could exceed the limit under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the effect of the Wheel of Fortune II Reading in Project Identity 3.0 was abnormal;  
Fixed minor issues with UI, text, and other details.

**Event Reminders  
\***The following events will be unavailable after 3/25, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Snowrealm Peregrination Rerun PT redemption

**Character Reminders  
\***The following characters will be unavailable after 3/25, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Pamiat’ Merkuria META  
Svirepy

**Friendly Reminders  
**During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation  
**2500×Coins  
3000×Oil

**Target  
**Accounts created before 3/26/2026, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2026/03/25/maintenance-notice-3-26-12-a-m-utc-7-2/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
