---
date: 2026-04-08
title: Maintenance Notice – 4/9, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
---

Posted on [April 8, 2026](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2026/04/08/maintenance-notice-4-9-12-a-m-utc-7-2/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 4/9, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 4/9, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 6 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers  
**All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**War Archives Update  
**Operation Convergence has been added to the War Archives.

**Construction Pools Update  
\***Available permanently in Light Construction Pool  
\*Z16

*Available permanently in Heavy Construction Pool  
*Brünhilde  
Blücher

**New Event  
\***Available for a limited-time between 4/9 – 5/6, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Popularity Poll Special Vote Rewards (During the event, receive special gear skins in commemoration of the 2025 Special Vote winners: Observer, Taihou META, and Little Prinz Eugen.)

**Island Planner Update  
\***Available for a limited-time between 4/9 – 4/29, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*New Gameplay – Tactical Simulation (Participate to earn great rewards. Rewards must be collected before 5/6, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7).)  
【Tactical Simulation】  
A Tactical Simulation match consists of multiple rounds. At the start of each round, each player draws 5 random cards from a shared deck. There are 4 card types in total: Main Gun, Torpedo, Aircraft, and Wisdom Cube. The Wisdom Cube acts as a wildcard and can be used as any card type. You can eliminate other players through card play, challenges, and Penalty Roulette.  
【How It Works】  
Card Play: At the start of the round, a card type will be chosen to become the effective tactic. After a round begins, players may play 1 to 3 cards each turn until they run out of cards. After playing, they must declare what type of cards they have played.  
Challenges: After the previous player plays their cards, the next player may choose to play their own cards, or challenge whether the previous player played cards corresponding to the effective tactic. The challenged player must reveal the cards they played. If they were telling the truth, the challenge fails; if they were bluffing, the challenge succeeds.  
Penalty Roulette: After a challenge is resolved, a Penalty Roulette elimination phase will begin automatically. If the challenge fails, the challenger has a chance of being eliminated. If the challenge succeeds, the challenged player has a chance of being eliminated instead. The remaining players continue until a final winner is decided.  
※After each Penalty Roulette, if a player is not eliminated, their chance of being eliminated the next time will increase.

**Rerun Skins  
\***Available permanently  
\*Brünhilde – Grain-Seizing Grani  
Blücher – High-Altitude Head Over Heels  
Z16 – Guaranteed Grand Slam!  
U-96 – How Heavy Are Those Barbells?  
Z24 – The Devil on the Court  
Hornet – Cheering Justice!  
Kirov – High Jump Star

**New Items in Shop  
\***Available for a limited-time between 4/9 – 4/15, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Limited Build Supplies (1 purchase limited)  
Limited Strategic Supplies (5 purchases limited)  
Decor Tokens Pack (2 purchases limited)  
Cognitive Chip Pack (2 purchases limited)

**Rerun Furniture  
\***Available permanently  
\*Breezy Summer

**Augment Update  
**Reno – Nanotech Repulsor  
Matchless – Totally Helpless Bunny Pouch

**New Memory  
**Devonshire

**FleetChat Update  
**Devonshire

**System Optimization  
**Comics were updated;  
Juu Port Updates were updated;  
Made minor adjustments to the illustration for Unryuu’s skin “Mirage in the Night”;  
Fixed an issue where the Commander could clip through objects in Island Planner under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the secretary ship would switch abnormally after returning to the main screen following combat under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where the Live2D resources for Takao’s outfit “Inner Cultivation” displayed abnormally under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where an abnormal error would occur in Commemorative Album – Valentine under certain conditions;  
Fixed an issue where interactions with the Live2D resources for Ägir’s outfit “One-on-One Leisure Time” behaved abnormally under certain conditions;  
Fixed minor issues with some interfaces, text, and other elements.

**Event Reminders  
\***The following events will be unavailable after 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*The Vagabond’s Recruitment Plan  
Commemorative Album  
Rental Outfits (Nayoro – Electric Affection (L2D), Unryuu – Mirage in the Night (Dynamic), Choukai – Steal Your Heart (Dynamic).)  
Party Dress Series Rerun Campaign

**Character Reminders  
\***The following characters will be unavailable after 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Unryuu  
Nayoro  
L’Indomptable

**Skin Reminders  
\***The following skins will be unavailable after 4/8, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)  
\*Nayoro – Electric Affection (L2D)  
Unryuu – Mirage in the Night (Dynamic)  
Choukai – Steal Your Heart (Dynamic)  
Gorizia – The Spy Who Crushed on Me (Dynamic)  
Kizu – Thunder Dragon Caught in a Web  
Maya – Hunter of the Heart  
Seydlitz – Double the Danger  
L’Indomptable – The Covert Eavesdropper!  
Party Dress Series Rerun Outfits

**Friendly Reminders  
**During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation  
**2000×coins  
2500×oils

**Target  
**Accounts created before 4/9/2026, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2026/04/08/maintenance-notice-4-9-12-a-m-utc-7-2/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
