---
date: 2025-08-27
title: Maintenance Notice – 8/28, 12 A.M (UTC-7)
---

Posted on [August 27, 2025](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/2025/08/27/maintenance-notice-8-28-12-a-m-utc-7/) by [Azur Lane](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/author/azur-lane/)

# Maintenance Notice – 8/28, 12 A.M (UTC-7)

Dear Commanders,

Headquarters will carry out maintenance on 8/28, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7) for approximately 6 hours. Any change in the update progress will be announced on our Facebook / X pages. During the maintenance period, our servers will be unavailable.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused during this period.

**Target Servers**  
All servers on Android and iOS

**List of New Contents**

**Rerun Event**  
_Available for a limited-time between 8/28 – 9/24, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Voltage Rising Rerun (During the event, 2 new missions unlock every day at midnight till 9/3. Complete them all to get a special retrofit item for Eldridge.  
※Commanders who already own the retrofit item or Eldridge (Retrofit) will instead receive a commemorative item.)

**New Item in Shop**  
_Available for a limited-time between 8/28 – 9/11, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Promise Crate (1 purchase limited)

**Monthly Update**  
_September’s login furniture_  
Fully-Automatic Anti-Fall Treadmill

_September’s Extreme Challenge_  
Virgo (The next boss, “Helena”, will automatically rotate when the month changes to September. Assemble the best fleet you can and clear challenge stages to earn limited portrait and chat frames of Virgo.)

**Core Data Shop Update**  
_Available permanently in Core Shop (Ltd.)_  
Auxiliary – 40cm Type 94 Naval Gun Parts (Cargo)

**System Optimization**  
Optimized the guide illustration for the “Outfit Store” in the Commander’s Handbook.  
Fixed abnormal display issues with the following skins under certain circumstances:  
Bois Belleau – Steamy Therapy (L2D+)  
Enterprise – Bathing Under Sunny Skies (L2D)  
Shimakaze – The White Rabbit of Wonderland (L2D)  
Fixed an issue where Outfit Store tasks in the Commander’s Handbook could not be completed under specific conditions.  
Fixed blurred red dot notification numbers on the “Home Screen – Event” interface.  
Fixed incorrect task redirections in the “Rookie Missions” page.  
Fixed abnormal display of dynamic illustrations in the “Owned Skins” section of the Skin Shop under certain conditions.  
Fixed incorrect effect triggers when characters were simultaneously affected by multiple “Evade Attack” skills during combat.  
Fixed an issue where the character acquisition screen did not display after purchasing a character in the Merit Shop.  
Fixed missing “Not Obtained” tags in the Supply Shop under certain conditions.  
Fixed an issue where Maryland (Retrofit) incorrectly appeared under the “Other” category in the “Owned Skins” section of the Skin Shop.  
Fixed an issue where the voice-over of Essex’s skin “The Gale of Course 88” could not play properly.  
Fixed some bugs, texts and images.

**Event Reminders**  
_The following events will be unavailable after 8/27, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
A Sylvan Retreat  
Secrets of the Abyss  
Rhythm in Depot  
Port Fashion Collection: Lazy Vacation Days  
Special Login Campaign  
Headquarters Mobilization Request  
Wishing Well  
Furniture Sets Rerun  
Rental Outfits (Bois Belleau – Steamy Therapy (L2D+), Anchorage – Sweet Evening Milk (L2D+), Masséna – Sweetly Intoxicating Spring (L2D))

**Character Reminders**  
_The following characters will be unavailable after 8/27, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Masséna  
Bois Belleau  
Duquesne

**Skin Reminders**  
_The following skins will be unavailable after 8/27, 11:59 P.M. (UTC-7)_  
Bois Belleau – Steamy Therapy (L2D+)  
Anchorage – Sweet Evening Milk (L2D+)  
Masséna – Sweetly Intoxicating Spring (L2D)  
Enterprise – Bathing Under Sunny Skies (L2D)  
Duguay-Trouin – Covetous Bathgoer (Dynamic)  
Noshiro – A Dip in the Moonlight (Dynamic)  
Helena – Basking in the Cypress’ Warmth (Dynamic)  
Duquesne – Wetness of a Crimson Night  
Le Hardi – Sticky Situation  
Denver – Steam Dream  
Pittsburgh – The Bartender’s Gambit (L2D)  
Friedrich der Große – One Summer Night’s Intimacy (L2D)  
Painlevé – Fresh and Fortunate (L2D)  
Indiana – High Noon Arrest (Dynamic)  
Fargo – Dairy in the Dreary Sun (Dynamic)  
Kersaint – A Saint’s Mercy Can Do No Wrong (Dynamic)  
Herring – The Town With No Shade  
Bell – Saloon Mishaps  
U-556 – Prairie Knight  
Unicorn – Champion of Unicorn

**Friendly Reminders**  
During maintenance, do not delete your game.  
During maintenance, you cannot play the game.  
Please quit the game before the maintenance begins.  
The duration of the maintenance will be adjusted according to the progress of the patch.

**Maintenance Compensation**  
2000×coins  
2500×oils

**Target**  
Accounts created before 8/28/2025, 12:00 A.M. (UTC-7)

From Headquarters  
Contact us: al.cs@yo-star.com

Categories[NEWS](https://azurlane.yo-star.com/news/category/news/)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/news/2025/08/27/maintenance-notice-8-28-12-a-m-utc-7/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
